feat(keyring-api): add `token:disapprove` transaction type + new optional `details.typeLabel` (#568)
MetaMask/accounts: packages/keyring-api/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add `TransactionType.TokenDisapprove` for token disapproval transactions and optional `typeLabel` string field to `TransactionDetails` ([#568](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/568))

Reviewer: WDYT about:

```suggestion
- Add `TransactionType.TokenDisapprove` for token disapproval transactions ([#568](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/568))
- Add optional `TransactionDetails.typeLabel` ([#568](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/568))
  - This can be used to display a custom label regarding the transaction type.
```
